[Emporio] Wow, so this is how
the autopilot works.
Isn't this awesome?
Don't go getting
carried away now.
Didn't the book say
there's a chance that
the helicopter
can fall out of the sky?
Emporio, it's further west.
Head that way.
What do you mean? If we
keep heading in this direction,
we'll make it to Cape Canaveral
in 30 minutes.
[Jolyne]
I can sense his presence.
I don't really understand why,
but it feels like
he's in three or four
different locations.
For now, head west.
I'm positive the priest is
somewhere near Orlando.
You'll just have to trust me.
[zooming]
Hmm?
[Emporio]
Something's not right.
[Ermes grunts]
Ermes, it's my eyes, they're...
-[zooming]
-[gasps]
-[Ermes] Huh?
-What the...?
What's happening to my eyes?
They're closing by themselves!
Jolyne,
some weird shit's going on!
[Jolyne groaning, screams]
Damn it!
-[intense dark music]
-[Ermes groans]
[Ermes] Now it's my eyelids!
[helicopter whirring]
I can't open them!
Hey Ermes, did you see
what happened?
What the hell is going on?
[Ermes] I don't know!
But one thing's for sure,
there's something
in this chopper with us.
[groans]
[intense suspenseful music]
[theme music]
You need to get back in control
right now, Emporio!
[Emporio] Yeah, I know!
I'm trying to put it
on autopilot,
but I can't see anything!
We must be under attack
by an enemy Stand!
But still,
what did they do to us...
[Jolyne grunts]
We're tilting way to the right.
Hurry up and straighten us out!
[Emporio] I'm trying!
My eyelids are glued shut
and they're not opening.
Something's definitely
on this thing with us!
[angry grunting]
[Jolyne] Are you sure
something's in here?
I've got my threads spread out
and nothing's
even grazing them.
It's here! It must have slipped
through a small window.
[Ermes] It's just moving so
damn fast and we can't feel it.
[screams]
How the hell
is it attacking so quickly?
If only we knew where
the little shit was going.
So if we know where
it's headed, we can stop it.
We just gotta figure out which
direction it's going, right?
That's right.
There's no other way.
[Jolyne] Fine then.
[helicopter whirring]
Okay, Ermes,
how fast is this thing going
right now?
170? 200?
[gasps]
We're getting off
of this thing. Emporio!
[Ermes grunts]
What the hell?
Jolyne, you idiot!
What were you thinking
pulling us out of there?
-[zooming]
-[gasps]
Look, it's coming! I got
you now. Sayonara, sucker.
There it goes.
We crushed the little bastard.
[gasps]
[zooming]
[Ermes] Oh shit! There's more
than just one of these things!
Hang on, Ermes. I've got you!
[Jolyne] I won't let us
hit the ground!
[grunts]
[suspenseful action music]
[all grunting]
[explosion]
[all panting]
[Jolyne] You okay, Emporio?
Yeah, my eyelids
are back to normal.
[Emporio] I can see again.
What just happened to us?
Let's stay alert. The enemy's
attack is far from over.
[Ermes] I saw a lot more
of them up there.
And besides,
this thing ain't even a Stand.
It's some kind of creature.
[both gasp]
[Ermes] What the hell
am I looking at?
Don't know, but maybe
controlling these creatures
is the enemy Stand's ability.
Hold on. Yeah. I think
I've seen one of these before.
-[engine revving]
-Huh?
[all gasp]
[Rikiel] You know, before this,
I could hardly do anything for
myself. Not even drive a car.
But now,
my ability to concentrate
is a whole lot better.
And attacking a helicopter
is child's play.
[soft tense music]
[Jolyne] It must be him.
He's one of the entities
that I've been tracking.
Is he working for the priest?
[Father Pucchi] Rikiel,
focus your mind
on the man named Dio.
[breathing heavily]
Center yourself and think hard
about the bloodline
you come from.
You're one of three sons
who grew up not knowing
who your own father was.
[groans]
Both of my eyelids...
I don't know why,
but they always
droop down on me randomly.
[groaning pants]
It happens to me all the time.
My checkups,
the doctors claim that there's
nothing wrong with my body.
That's what they always say.
And it's been happening
since I was 16.
It all started when I was
taking my final exams.
Damn it,
it was hard to breathe!
And everyone around me
was staring,
saying shit like,
"Oh, poor kid,"
or just ignoring me.
Which just made me freak out
even more!
After that, I stopped going
to school and never went back.
My eyes, they're all fucked up
and I can't breathe!
[Rikiel] Oh man,
I need to wipe my palms.
They're drenched with sweat.
This kind of shit happens
every time I get stressed out.
[Rikiel sobbing]
Rikiel.
[Rikiel] I don't have any
abilities that can help you!
I'm not capable of anything!
Wrong. You do have an ability.
You just haven't
realized it yet, Rikiel.
[whirring]
"Live rods," have you ever
heard of organisms
by this name before?
In some regions, they are
also known as "skyfish."
[breathing heavily]
[Father Pucchi] They are one of
those so-called
"unidentified species."
A group of skydivers say
they encountered them
while exploring a hole,
but they have no proof.
Later, a TV camera crew
tried catching the rods
but due to the remarkable speed
at which they travel,
catching a physical form
was impossible.
Given the fact that they're
untraceable to the naked eye,
the only way to document them
was via video camera.
So imagine my surprise
that when I was studying
your disc
to discover what abilities
you may possess,
I learned that the rods reside
here in Florida as well.
[zooming]
[gasps]
[eerie zooming]
[Rikiel] Are those things what
you're talking about, Father?
The ones up there?
They're here, I can see them.
[zooming]
Now that my eyes are open,
I can see clearly.
These organisms
are under my control.
That's my ability, right?
[grunts]
[Father Pucchi]
So they were always here.
Did they just touch me?
No, they never physically
touched me, but...
[groans]
[grunts]
I think these rod things have
been surrounding me all along.
[Father Pucchi] You need
to leave right away, Rikiel.
Your Stand is quite formidable.
I shall name it Sky Guy.
Research them well,
the rods' characteristics
and utilize them effectively.
Don't worry, I got it.
I feel alive again!
[Rikiel] I'm no longer a loser,
panting and sticking my tongue
out like a damn dog.
"Rods"?
[Emporio] Yeah. And if these
things really are rods,
it means that their strength
comes from what they eat.
These creatures
are so mysterious,
no one has the slightest clue
what kind of food
they feast on.
The unique way they fly
without ever touching anything
must have something to do with
how they hunt for their meals.
Stay here, Emporio,
we'll take care of this guy.
[Rikiel]
Yes, keep coming closer,
Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes.
With the rods' precise attacks,
your bodies will be in tatters.
I just have to lure them
over here.
Best not to get too close
to him, Ermes.
Before that,
we should learn more
-about his ability.
-[Rikiel gasps]
[Jolyne] Since he went through
the trouble of
showing himself to us
like this,
his Stand's attacks must be
a lot more accurate
at close range.
[Ermes] Yeah,
plus the jackass attacked us
while we were cooped up
in that chopper
with nowhere to go.
Which probably means
his attacks ain't so accurate
when there's a lot of ground
for them to cover.
[Rikiel] Don't freak out.
The range of their Stands
are most likely
one to two meters at most.
So they can't take me out
unless they come closer
to me anyway.
[squelching]
[groans]
Shit! My bike!
I parked on a marsh,
it's sinking.
I gotta start the engine
and get it out of there.
Where's the key? It's not here.
[gasps]
[soft grunt]
They curved.
But it didn't look like
he deflected them in mid-air
or did anything from here.
Yeah, I've got no clue
how he's doing it.
But you know, Emporio,
you'd be wrong if you said
those rocks didn't hit.
-[whooshing]
-[gasps, groans]
[screaming]
Let's give this jerk some more!
-[whooshing]
-[gasping for air]
I can't fucking breathe!
[gasping for air]
[Rikiel] And my eyelid's
starting to twitch again.
[eerie zooming]
I can see them, Ermes.
Flying in the air.
[Jolyne]
They're all over the place.
[eerie music]
Now the rods
are all suspended in mid-air!
This dumbass is panicking
and now,
he can't even regain control
over his own damn ability.
Good job coming
all the way out here
for us to beat
the shit out of you
and send you
on your way to hell!
-Die!
-[gasps]
[Rikiel] Found it!
The key was still
in the ignition
this whole time!
-[crunching]
-What's wrong with my fingers?
[Rikiel] It was July
in the year of 1969
when the astronaut Armstrong
landed Apollo 11
and became the first man
to step foot on the moon.
The day was historical.
For the longest time, I never
understood what was so great
about some dude
walking on a rock.
[engine starting]
'Cause in reality, the rockets
are launched and flown
by scientists and engineers.
Any monkey
could go to the moon.
But when those rods came into
my life for the first time,
I finally realized
why it was so important.
It wasn't about the dude.
The moon landing was an
achievement for all humanity.
That day, we humans
conquered the moon
and our spirits evolved.
What's truly significant is the
evolution of the human race!
What the fuck, man!
My hand is rotting!
My urine's all bloody!
For some reason,
there's bloody pee everywhere!
[groaning]
I can't feel my leg either!
What the hell did you do to us,
you slimy motherfucker!
[Rikiel] If you're trying
to hinder the priest
from attaining
his spiritual evolution,
my hatred will burn with the
intensity of a thousand suns!
And I'll use it
to tear you all asunder!
[ominous zooming]
[rock music]
Jolyne Cujoh.
I'll kill all three of you
eventually,
but for now, you're at
the front of the line.
[gasps]
-[Jolyne grunting]
-Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora! Ora!
-[ankle snaps]
-[groans]
[sighs]
It's inside her body.
The only way her ankle
could twist around like that
is if something
did it internally.
From inside of the body.
[Emporio] I see.
Now I'm beginning to understand
what's happening.
[Emporio] Jolyne!
I figured out their secret.
The rods survive
by feeding on body heat!
Huh?
The blood in my urine
means that
there was an attack
to my kidney.
The kidney on this side
is undamaged
thanks to your father's disc,
but the other side feels cold
because all my body heat
got sucked out.
[Emporio] In the ghost room
that I used to live in,
I read about
something like this
in one of the books
on the right shelf.
When you look at human organs
in a thermography,
the diseased part
of the body's temperature
is much lower
than the healthy areas.
If the heat in your fingers
were to be drained,
the joints would bend
by themselves
and eventually start to rot.
Drain the heat from your
eyelids, your eyes will shut.
And if it's drained
from your kidneys,
they malfunction
and you pee blood.
So these rods, in order
to survive, they feast on
other organism's body heat
and use it to fuel themselves.
They come near you,
but never touch you.
And you don't realize that
your body heat was absorbed
until you've been infected.
Yo, brat. You're a smart
little shit, aren't you.
You're exactly right.
But I didn't make
you chucklefucks sick
so that you would perish
from the disease.
It was to make sure
you couldn't move around.
So that I can finish you
with pinpoint precision.
It's a hard target to hit,
but there's one area where
temperature loss is fatal.
The main motor and sensory
control center of the body.
It's known as the brain stem!
They'll snack on the first
cervical vertebra on your neck.
[Rikiel] And they've locked
onto their target!
Jolyne, you have to get away
from there! Go under the water.
-No, Emporio. I need a lighter.
-Huh?
Give me your ghost lighter.
Hurry.
[fire crackling]
-Huh?
-[gasps]
No way! You can't be!
You don't gotta worry about me.
I honestly don't even feel it.
Compared to all the shit
I've gone through
to get to the priest,
this is nothing.
[Rikiel grunts]
[sighs]
You crazy bitch!
If you're trying
to test my spirit,
it's way stronger than yours!
[intense action music]
[Rikiel] Where should I aim?
What can I target?
Which part of her body
can the rods
suck warmth out of
to finish her off!
Ora!
[intense action music]
-[gasps]
-She did it.
That star birthmark.
I have no clue who you are,
but I'm willing to bet
that if I wanna learn
where the priest is hiding,
I can just pummel
the information out of you.
[groans]
[Father Pucchi]
Center yourself and think hard
about the bloodline
you come from.
[Rikiel] That's it.
I won't hold back.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Rikiel] It's true.
If your entire body
is engulfed in flames,
the rods don't know where
to absorb your body heat from.
However, if there's any way
that I am going to
overcome you,
I have to put myself
in the same situation!
So that I can understand
where your weaknesses are
by feeling the pain
that you're feeling!
In this way,
my heart is like Apollo 11.
Jolyne Cujoh,
my spirit will surpass yours!
[screams]
Hurry up
and end this guy, Jolyne!
-[grunts]
-Ora!
-[whooshing]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Ora!
-[gasps]
-What the hell are you doing?
That bastard
with the boob window
is coming right behind you!
What's the matter,
Jolyne Cujoh?
Can you not keep up
with where I'm going?
After the flames
overtook my body,
I located one spot
that I could still target.
[Rikiel] And that's
the inside of your mouth,
which you had to open
in order to take a breath.
The hypothalamus,
which happens to be
above the roof of the mouth,
is also connected
to nerves in the eye.
And as you breathe,
the rods can enter your mouth
and sap away your body heat
from inside.
With your hypothalamus
now damaged,
I made it so you would
keep seeing me in places
when I'm not even there
anymore.
[Jolyne gasps]
Accept that I'm the victor.
I've won.
My days of having
panic attacks are over!
With this newfound confidence,
I'm going to reclaim my life!
I am Apollo 11, don't you see!
[Jolyne]
I don't have to use my eyes.
And if he's aiming his attacks
at the inside of my mouth?
Then I don't need to breathe.
[ominous music]
He knew to come after us
in the helicopter.
Just like how I sensed
the presence and location
of The Green Baby,
and how the priest can sense
that I escaped from prison...
I'm gonna ask you
who you are one more time.
And what the priest
is doing right now,
then you're gonna tell me.
[grunts]
-[groans]
-Ora! Ora! Ora...
[gasps]
[Ermes] I didn't realize
how determined she was.
Her persistence
in wanting to find the priest.
The will that she inherited
from her father, Jotaro Kujo,
has awakened inside her.
She's like a completely
different person
from the Jolyne I met before!
-[Jolyne grunts]
-[smashing]
Okay, I give. You beat me.
But in the end, the one who's
going to raise the priest up
towards his goal of attaining
heaven will be me, Rikiel!
And in his name,
I have infected myself
with disease using these rods.
I've numbed the nerves
between my brain and body
and now I feel nothing at all.
Whatever pain you inflict on me
now will be utterly useless.
I won't fall until I die.
[breathing heavily]
[Rikiel]
We can attack at the same time.
Will you be able to finish me
off before I kill you?
Or will the rods suck out
what life you have left
before you get a chance.
And your first cervical
vertebra will be wide open
after I'm finished putting out
the fire on your neck
with my own two hands!
[eerie zooming]
I'm gonna finish you here!
-Ora! Ora! Ora...
-[Rikiel] Go, rods! End her!
-Watch out, Jolyne!
-Oh, shit!
Ora! Ora! Ora...
[eerie zooming]
[Ermes shouts]
Jolyne!
She can't be.
[Emporio panting]
[gasps]
[Ermes] You're still alive?
[Rikiel] Damn it.
I used my hand to put out the
fire on the back of her neck
to lower her body temperature,
but instead...
My plan backfired.
Just my luck.
Now my hand's gone numb.
And my fingers
interfered with my ability
to absorb
he body heat properly.
[gargles]
Oh, shit.
-[body thuding]
-[Jolyne groaning]
-Jolyne!
-Oh yeah! Our girl's alive.
[panting]
Was it on purpose? Is that why
you kept pummeling me
instead of taking my hands
off your neck?
[Rikiel] Or was it
just a coincidence?
Just dumb luck.
[Jolyne] I barely made it.
That's a sweet thing to say,
even though
you're just saying it
because it's what I wanna hear.
But is it the truth?
Tell me who the hell you are.
And what brought you
into the priest's orbit?
Listen. I feel so satisfied.
Before I knew him,
I couldn't even drive a car.
Since the day we met,
my mind has been at ease.
The inner confidence
the priest helped me find,
filled the void within my soul.
Protecting the Father
is my reason for existing.
[Rikiel] He is currently
going through a change.
His beliefs and the will
of the man named Dio
are mixing and flowing
into his body.
And it's that spectacle
that's attracting us all
to Father Pucchi's side.
Everything we've done is
to guide the priest
and raise him up to
his ultimate destiny
of attaining heaven.
Jolyne Cujoh,
the same could be said for you.
You're making your way
to Cape Canaveral
merely to serve
the priest's desires.
I finally realize that.
You said it was dumb luck.
You admitted
that you kept punching my face
without removing my hands
from the back of your neck
by coincidence, right?
I see now it doesn't matter
who the victor is.
I can't believe
I couldn't see it before.
That kind of coincidence
is exactly what the priest
is in search of.
The happenstances that
aided you up to this moment.
[Rikiel] That's what he wants.
Clearly, you have fate
backing you up in your corner.
Was it me?
Or was it always you?
I'm starting to believe
the priest
only ever wanted someone
with fate on their side.
Today has shown me the
strongest power in the world
definitely isn't something
that comes from a calculation.
We are drawn toward one another
through destiny.
And there's another man
who's special.
He must be, since the priest
took away his memories
and decided to keep him alive
in that prison.
Weather Forecast.
[gasps]
If that guy up and decides
he wants to break out of prison
it won't be because he's trying
to find where you are.
It'll be for the sole purpose
of reuniting with the priest
for Weather's fate.
By the time Father Pucchi gets
a new star-shaped birthmark
on his shoulder,
Weather Forecast
will have received
the same exact birthmark
on his shoulder as well.
[breathes deeply]
Because he happens to be the
priest's biological brother.
[gasps]
[thuds]
I've heard enough out of him.
You never should have talked
to this scumbag.
What about my poor sister?
That bastard
Sports Maximum killed her,
and he's the one
who revived the bone of Dio!
Are we supposed to believe that
was fate too? I call bullshit.
Getting his face bashed in
is the priest's destiny!
Let's go to Orlando.
That's where we'll
find him hiding, right?
[Jolyne breathing shakily]
[Emporio]
Was the fact that Jolyne
didn't move Rikiel's hands
from the back of her neck
really a coincidence?
Or was it calculated all along?
Whatever may have happened,
Jolyne never
spoke about it again.
[narrator]
Traffic law in Florida
regarding the riding
of motorcycles,
clearly states
that if one chooses
to ride without a helmet,
they will not be subject
to fines or penalties.
Which means, if a rider
wasn't wearing a helmet
and they perished
in a fatal crash,
their freedom to make that
choice should be respected.
That freedom to choose
is crucial to humankind.
Since the prehistoric age,
and even to this very day.
[vehicles crashing]